hey what's going on guys it's Jared here
and welcome back to another minecraft
mod showcase video today I'm going to be
showing you guys the scooby-doo mad yes
sir
scooby-doo you're mine and uh I'm off HL
as you can see we're in some get a
bootleg Mystery Machine that we have set
up here and pretty much guys this is a
mod based off of the cartoon show
scooby-doo which I freakin love gone up
Scooby Doo is just freaking awesome so
leave a thumbs up if you love scooby-doo
and which one of the characters are your
favorite I gotta say Shaggy and Scooby
were my favorite just cuz those two were
the chillest and they were always hungry
somehow it kind of makes like both sets
cuz shaggy kind of like is really skinny
but ya ain't always eat like he'd eaten
ginormous sandwich in one gulp and
somehow he just always stayed really
skinny I kind of thought it was funny
how Fred always used to think that he
was loved going off with the girls and
stuff like that and leaving shaggy to go
off a Scooby pretty messed up stuff but
yeah anyways guys this is a mod based
off of scooby-doo and what the mod does
is it adds in some scooby-doo villains
as well as some music does that a dance
obscure be doing music I can't show this
off as much the music because it's like
definitely all copyright but I'll go
ahead and throw on the old theme song
real quick when you heard this you just
knew it was time to not change the
channel you start a stand Cartoon
Network as soon as you heard the bats
you're just like Oh turn up turn up yes
here we go
OOP build it yeah cuz the copyright
reasons I have to go ahead and probably
take that out and here are the other
music discs I can make you happy I guess
these are just like songs I got played
randomly in the show needs to be like
some good run away music yeah this is
like the kind of song that would come on
to like a little runaway montage or
something but I think ways this is the
last music that we have
yeah these are all probably like
copyright it like crazy so I can't show
you guys the music but the songs are
pretty cool
like they're actually like really chill
it so if you want to some good music and
buy crafts you can always just bump the
scooby-doo theme song so these guys next
thing we have is the mom switch I'm
gonna go ahead give sword yeah here we
go all right this is seriously some
messed up Mystery Machine anyways let's
go ahead and let's grab these mops real
quick and we have five different ones we
have a metal with witch doctor we have a
metal with what's up what if a spooky
space kook we have a metal with captain
Cutler a metal with snow ghost and a
meadow with creeper and it's like a
scooby-doo model I don't know that's
just a scooby-doo mata the end there
so we're go ahead and we'll spawn this
guy's in I guess this is this is
supposed to like metal as a meddling I
mean it was the kids were called my
blanket anyways I was bad there we go so
here is the witch doctor oh my gosh I
actually still remember this dude who
else remembers this guy I definitely
remember this guy oh man that is sick
alright let's see I'm assuming he's like
super aggressive there's way too many
slides for your own good I'll save you
sir and that all in masks and see who
you are yeah those are pretty silly
she'll fit the way things used to kind
of work but it was definitely a pretty
chilled show alright so let's get the
switch doctor it's 50 house let's see
he's just staring at a wall by staring
at us
so he's not aggressive but if you hit
him he will attack you back and you look
like too hard and get out of your smelly
slimes man there we go so we took them
out that would be the
which doctor and can you slimes like go
away please
okay so now we have the spooky face
coupe I still remember this guy - oh
come on mrs. lamb dish a spooky face
cook there's a crazy spooky face cook on
the loose and ship to die he's leaving a
trail come on get out of here slimes
there's a Metis I'm the loose what is
wrong with you alright yeah like 60
health and he is super aggressive he's
not like the other witch doctor he just
comes out as straight away and he's
almost good to kill us there's way too
many slides oh my gosh
please why do you guys populate the
super flat world's probably the worst
mob ever
who agrees with me that slimes are the
worst mobs ever it just looked like
little gelatin cubes feel like I'm
getting beat up by jelly oh there's a
big guy coming for me I could see your
shadow I could smell yeah I can smell
your stink slime all right so we finally
killed him you get a little sound effect
with him as well I'm gonna spawn him in
again because it was way too many slimes
yeah there he is he leaves a trail and
here some custom sounds they're pretty
neat so the next we have is captain
Cutler I met I remember all these guys I
used to watch way too much scooby-doo
back in the day and he also leaves a
particle effect we could take this guy
out cool custom sounds as well I am this
man I've got to add in like Shaggy and
Scooby and all of them for it to be
complete you should be able to like tame
Scooby like feed absque you be snacks
and things like that so here we have the
snow ghost you know it might just be the
model but I don't remember him it could
just be the model though if I google
snow ghost I bet you I don't know who it
is
leave in the comments which one of these
guys do you remember like would you
rubber the most from like walks of
scooby-doo at all like the villains this
guy's model does look really funny
though
stupid slimes I hate you slime
much I wish you only know I'm going to
destroy all that is my new life goal is
to kill every slime in the world there's
just too many like why do they have to
be aggressive for they don't even look
like they would like hurt you or water
you look like they would just bounce
around all day for a living alright
don't worry scary monster dude I'll get
to you it'll be your turn to die soon
there we go there's a snowgo so he has
75 health it looks like they
progressively get like more and more
health
I'm just so longer I can't let him hit
me or he'll probably kill me it's pretty
slow at PJ's from rotten flesh so the
last mob we have is the metal with
creeper he just don't have to keep her I
definitely remember this guy as well
he's kind of like just a hard asabi with
his skin change though any job not in
flesh as well so yeah guys this is early
stages of this mod it just came out like
literally like I think like ten days ago
so there's not as much in it yet but
it's definitely going to be a mod that's
going to be worth checking out so if you
guys want to see some update reviews let
me know in the comments anyways guys
let's go to about wrap things up for
today's macho case video I hope you guys
all enjoyed if you did as always please
be sure to show your support by hitting
that like button do it for Scooby Doo
and also guys if you're new to my
channel and you're not subscribed be
sure to subscribe I do a lot of mod
showcase videos so if you like that
stuff you'll see it on this channel but
until the next video guys I'm Jarrod
peace